README.md, before:

# aws-s3-lambda-image-resizer

This Lambda will be invoked when a file is uploaded to a particular bucket. It will fetch the file that was added, resize it, and store the output in a different bucket.

## Prerequisites

Before getting started, ensure you have the following:

1. **AWS Account**: You need an AWS account with access to S3 and Lambda services.
2. **Node.js 20.x Runtime**: This Lambda function is designed to run in an AWS environment that uses the Node.js 20.x runtime. Ensure your AWS Lambda function is configured with Node.js 20.x as the runtime environment.

## Getting Started

### Step.1: Clone this repository

First, you'll need to clone the repository to your local machine:

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/JiHongKim98/aws-s3-lambda-image-resizer.git
  cd aws-s3-lambda-image-resizer
```

This will download the code to your local machine so you can start working on it.

### Step.2: Install dependencies

Next, install the required dependencies for the Lambda function. These include `sharp` for image processing and `axios` for making HTTP requests.

Use the following command to install the necessary packages, specifying the architecture and platform for AWS Lambda:

```bash
npm install --arch=x64 --platform=linux --target=16x sharp axios
```

This ensures that the sharp library is properly configured to run in the AWS Lambda environment (which runs on Amazon Linux).

### Step.3: Package the lambda function

Once you have installed the dependencies, you need to package the code and libraries into a zip file to be deployed to AWS Lambda. The following command will zip up your source code and dependencies:

```bash
npm run package
```

This will create a file called `function.zip` that contains everything required for the Lambda function to execute. You can now upload this zip file to your AWS Lambda function.

## Example Query

To test the resizing functionality with specific dimensions, you can call the Lambda function through an API Gateway or directly through the generated URL. The following is an example request:

```
https://your-cloudfront-url.com/image.jpg?w=100&h=100
```

This will resize the uploaded image to 200x200 pixels.

Commit message:

docs: Update README with S3 Object Lambda setup and example query

README.md, after:

# aws-s3-lambda-image-resizer

This Lambda will be invoked when a file is uploaded to a particular bucket. It will fetch the file that was added, resize it, and store the output in a different bucket.

## Prerequisites

Before getting started, ensure you have the following:

1. **S3 Object Lambda Setup**: You need an S3 bucket and an S3 Object Lambda access point configured. This includes creating an S3 Object Lambda function and integrating it with your S3 bucket to allow image resizing on the fly.
2. **Node.js 20.x Runtime**: This Lambda function is designed to run in an AWS environment that uses the Node.js 20.x runtime. Ensure your AWS Lambda function is configured with Node.js 20.x as the runtime environment.

## Getting Started

### Step.1: Clone this repository

First, you'll need to clone the repository to your local machine:

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/JiHongKim98/aws-s3-lambda-image-resizer.git
  cd aws-s3-lambda-image-resizer
```

This will download the code to your local machine so you can start working on it.

### Step.2: Install dependencies

Next, install the required dependencies for the Lambda function. These include `sharp` for image processing and `axios` for making HTTP requests.

Use the following command to install the necessary packages, specifying the architecture and platform for AWS Lambda:

```bash
npm install --arch=x64 --platform=linux --target=16x sharp axios
```

This ensures that the sharp library is properly configured to run in the AWS Lambda environment (which runs on Amazon Linux).

### Step.3: Package the lambda function

Once you have installed the dependencies, you need to package the code and libraries into a zip file to be deployed to AWS Lambda. The following command will zip up your source code and dependencies:

```bash
npm run package
```

This will create a file called `function.zip` that contains everything required for the Lambda function to execute. You can now upload this zip file to your AWS Lambda function.

## Example Query

To test the resizing functionality with specific dimensions, you can call the Lambda function through the S3 Object Lambda URL (usually integrated with CloudFront). The following is an example request:

```
https://your-cloudfront-url.com/image.jpg?w=100&h=100
```

This will resize the uploaded image to 100x100 pixels.
